= PCB =
With the design ready let's start to build things, first the PCB.

The method that i like to use is [http://www.google.com/search?q=Toner+transfer+PCB Toner Transfer ](click on the link to find lot's of info).Let's do a quick tutorial:
  * Print the PCB - use Eagle to print the Top,Bottom,Pads, Dimension,Vias and Holes layers of the PCB ( Top and Bottom one at a time) on Coated paper (Papel Couche). *The TOP layer must be mirrored*
  * Transfer the Tonner to the PCB - First clean the PCB. Place the paper on the PCB with the tonner side facing the PCB.Now with an iron in the Hot position press the  the sandwich of paper and PCB (takes ~3min). This will fuse the tonner and it will stick to the PCB.*Take care of the borders (they don't heat so easy as the middle). Flip the PCB and make the other side, take your time to align the layers.
[http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/DSC05016.JPG http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/small/DSC05016.jpg]

  * Peel the paper off  - Place the PCB and paper sandwich on water for about 2 min.. Gently peel the paper off rubbing it with a toothbrush, or a finger.
[http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/DSC05017.JPG http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/small/DSC05017.jpg]

  * Check the PCB - Check the PCB carefully to see if there is any short ( use a knife to scratch off the shorts), or open-bad traces (use a etch-resistant marker to remake the trace). If the PCB looks like garbage clean it up and start again.
[http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/DSC05020.JPG http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/small/DSC05020.jpg]

  * Etching - Etch the PCB with your favorite etchants(Ferric Chloride)
  * Drilling - Drill the holes with a 1mm bit. The etched hole marks will help to guide the drill bit into themselves so this isn't so hard
  * Finishing - Clean the Board, and apply a PCB Varnish.
[http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/DSC01701.JPG http://74clock.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/pcb/small/DSC01701.jpg]

  * Check the PCB - Yes you will have to check it again. It saves a lot of trouble to do it now.